Okay. We're going to get into testing here and we're
going to do it just with something that's really easy to verify,
and that's just bear HTML, Hypertext Markup Language.
So to start this out,
we have to go to our command line prompt,
and we're going to APT install tidy,
you're going to need root privileges.
So make sure you run this as pseudo if you're not ready,
and we'll type Yes to install it.
Then we'll go about putting the package onto our system.
So now, we're going to go ahead and use our development pipeline,
we'll go into just using the classic Jenkins interface for a second.
Do scan repository now,
and so we'll just check to see if there are any changes.
It's building because we've just recently made
a commit and we need to fix this particular bug.
So first, we'll just take a look at the error real quick.
We see down here,
line six call mono six replacing unexpected script with /script.
Let's take a look.
So we come over here and to our git repository and we'll take a look at index at HTML,
and we see that there are two strong tag or three strong tags and one script tag.
So let's change this fourth script tag into a strong tag.
We're going to check out a new branch.
So git checkout -b fix_ html_ tag.
We're going to add everything into
this new branch that we have here and we're going to commit it all.
Great. So now, we can go ahead and just push this branch into
our repository and we can let somebody else review that pull request once it comes up.
But because we're the only one,
we'll end up actually just merging our own pull request.
So git _push_ tag_ name,
but branch name, origin.
Okay. So let's go into GitHub and take a look at that.
Now, we have our new pull request.
One of the beautiful things is it['s actually performing steps right within here as well.
So we'll go ahead and merge it.
This takes the code from our branch and puts it into master.
So now we're going to come back to our pipeline.
We're just going to go ahead and do scan repository now.
Great. So now we see it's past the tidy step and it's uploaded to S3.
Wonderful. Let's look a little bit more deeply into
additional things that we can do for the code verification step.